Welcome Back to Movies Recapped,
Today I am going to explain The American Science
fiction Thriller film, Automata.
So the film is based on the future.
When an explosion occurs close to The sun,
solar storms happen.
They are also having a negative impact on
the environment.
They emit dangerous rays that move towards
the Earth.
The world destroys.
Nothing was left there.
There are no animals, plants, or humans.
99 percent of humans were killed.
Only 1 percent of humans were left there.
Luckily, they were good and qualified humans.
They want to recover the world.
They start planning for this.
They think that humans are less and humans
can't do this.
To recover the world again.
So they think to make robots.
This plan proves good.
In a few times, many robots were ready.
They have super abilities but two things were
observed while making them.
The first is that they will not harm any human.
Because humans were in the phase to bear more
loss.
Because they were wise like humans.
The second rule was not to make any other
robot themselves.
If this will happen so the robots will replace
humans.
These robots become developed.
They were making tall buildings which is beneficial
for humans.
They were also doing the basic tasks of the
humans.
It means these robots, humans were happy.
That their robots are doing good works.
But after some years a fault appears in these
robots.
And they stop working.
At a time, when it wasn't raining there so
they make it rain with the help of these robots.
But now there is nothing like this.
Humans were also worried because there were
many incomplete tasks.
They come out of that place.
They make a place of their own and start living
there.
They were thinking that there is a fault in
robots.
So they are not comfortable with us.
It maybe creates a problem further.
So they start destroying those robots.
Now the scene changes and we see a police
officer.
He is going somewhere.
He hears some strange voice.
When he goes there and sees there was a robot
sitting in the dark.
A yellow robot.
It is trying to recover itself.
It was looking innocent and it requests to
the police officer don't kill me.
Let me recover myself.
But the police officer ignores it and shoots
it.
Don't know why this scene is emotional.
Then we see a man whose dog was dead, he also
had a robot among them.
He calls the robot company to take their robot
back.
It has killed my dog.
He also asks them for money, the insurance
money.
They ask what kind of insurance?
Give me my money.
A man Jacq goes there.
He says to the man don't worry we will test
the robot before.
He lifts a knife and starts throwing it in
his hand but before it, that robot holds the
knife.
Jack says that our robot is fine and it couldn't
harm anyone.
We will not give you money.
Stop blaming our robots.
Saying this, he leaves.
Going home, he meets his wife.
They were expecting a baby.
The next morning, Jacq receives a message.
That we have received a destroyed robot and
they call him there instantly.
When Jacq goes there he sees that it was that
yellow robot.
That was shot by a police officer.
A girl there tells him that the parts of this
robot were replaced.
That's why this robot was trying to repair
itself.
But it was shot.
Jacq feels this thing bad.
He tells his friend, his friend says that
why are you interfering in the police's task.
Jacq says that I am shocked that why they
destroyed the robot?
Jacq's friend says that this is not your task.
Focus on your life that what you have to do,
Jacq says that I am irritated with this city.
Transfer me to the other side of the sea.
It is also revealed to us that Jacq has some
memories with Sea.
And further, we will know about it.
After it, Jacq goes to a construction site.
It was in an advanced city.
He asks the worker there that why are you
destroying robots?
The workers tell him that these robots are
useless now.
There are faults in them.
We throw them to the other side of the city
at a dirty place.
The people of that place take them.
With it, we are also ordered to shoot at first
sight any human.
Maybe they will make their separate robots.
And they are separate from our world.
When Jacq sees that the people here are shooting
others he feels bad.
Jacq goes to the other side and he sees many
robots.
It seems like those robots are scared.
Jacq tries to go near one of the robots to
talk to it.
But before it, that robot sets itself on fire,
Jacq becomes depressed.
He returns to the company.
He comes to know a nuclear battery is found
from a robot.
Its benefit was that the robots can work without
charging for hours.
It wasn't an ordinary battery.
Jacq's friend who was the leader, orders all
to find out about the battery.
He asks Jacq you want to transfer to the other
place.
It means the shore of the sea.
So in return, you have to do this nicely.
Find out that from where did this nuclear
battery come in this robot or the others?
Who inserted it? now they all were doing this
work.
To find out, but Jacq wasn't understanding
anything.
He again goes to that worker.
He says that it is not done by a human.
Maybe a robot has changed the setting of this
robot.
Because it is not allow to any robot to destroy
itself.
And you are telling me that the robot has
set itself on fire.
This thing is very strange.
Jacq returns home.
He tells his wife that maybe we will be transferred
from there.
Maybe we will leave this city and go far from
here.
His wife says that how is this possible? I
am conceiving.
At this time how can we go to another place?
He tries to make his wife understand that
I don't want to live in this city.
Fake people live here.
They don't care about anyone's feelings.
His wife says that doesn't irritate me.
Jacq leaves from there but he is still thinking.
That why the yellow robot was shot?
What was it trying to do secretly there?
Why did it want to repair itself?
Jacq goes to the place where that yellow robot
was shot.
He goes there and checks.
He finds that nuclear battery there.
That was hidden by that robot there.
Jacq wasn't understanding that where these
nuclear batteries came from?
He tells this to the police officer who shot
that robot.
And shows him the battery, he says that let
me take you to a woman.
Maybe she knows it.
When they go there, they see a female robot
there.
It was looking beautiful and clever.
The surprising thing is that the settings
were changed in it.
And those two rules were removed.
It means the rule not to harm humans and not
to make other robots.
It means that female robot is dangerous for
them.
Jacq asks the owner of the robot who is its
creator?
It says that I don't know.
Hearing it, the police officer comes in anger.
The police officer shoots the robot's leg
and moves from there.
He tells Jacq that I have done this because
now this robot is injured.
Now its owner will take it to its creator
to repair it.
We will follow it.
Jacq says that yes, I believe that the creator
of this robot will buy this battery and will
tell us.
That from where did it come?
The police officer says that you have to give
me the profit.
We will divide it then they start following
it.
Its car stops in front of a factory.
They go inside but the lady standing inside
points a gun at them.
But Jacq shows her the nuclear battery.
The lady asks them that from where did you
get this battery?
Jacq says leave it, tell me are you the person
who can get this blue robot?
That lady says yes, there is a purpose behind
it.
As we, humans made this thing in the start
it was not good at the start.
But we keep making it, it is made good.
We have made these robots.
Don't you think that if we allow them to make
robots like them?
They will make better robots.
There is no other purpose behind it.
That lady talks to Jacq nicely.
Jacq leaves from there but before leaving
he told that lady that where she will get
that robot.
The robot had that nuclear battery.
He comes from there and he tells his friend
Robert everythinng.
As word spread, Jacq was tasked with resolving
the situation as quickly as possible.
Jacq again goes to that lady.
That lady tells him that I go there at your
given address.
I have installed that robot's system in this
blue robot.
It becomes clever.
It heals itself.
So I was right that robots can make other
robots.
They were talking meanwhile, the door knocks.
As that lady opens the door the kids were
outside.
They shoot her.
Jacq escapes from there and comes out.
He was sitting in a car with that blue robot.
Some evil people start chasing them.
But Jacq kills them.
Because their car collapses.
Here, Jacq gets faint the next morning, when
he wakes up he sees that he is injured.
Before he wakes up, that blue robot was repairing
itself.
Seeing it, Jacq becomes astonished because
it has many abilities.
With it, he again sleeps.
After some time, he feels that someone is
dragging him.
That blue robot and three more robots were
taking him somewhere.
They were in a desert.
Jacq says to those robots that they have to
move towards the city.
But those robots ignore him.
Jacq moves forward but they were also following
him.
Now because Jacq was injured so he falls down.
The blue robot makes him eats some insects.
And makes him drink water.
Because the robots want to save humans.
It was their rule.
Not to harm humans.
After it, they move forward but Jacq wants
to return.
He doesn't trust these robots.
He says to those robots that I want water.
He grabs something from his backpack when
the robots are at a safe distance.
He sends a sign to his boss that I am here.
His boss comes to know his location.
Jacq's friemd says to the police officer to
go to that location and rescue Jacq.
The police officer arrived there.
Jacq knows it and he says to the robots that
I want t go to the washroom.
Stop here, and he makes this excuse and moves
forward.
He gives the sign with a flaregun.
But those robots also see that sign.
They come to know that Jacq wants to escape
from here.
When he again comes back to tell them to stop
here I will come.
Those robots ignore him because they knew.
Jacq in anger drops their batteries.
Meanwhile, the police officer also comes there.
Coming there, he points a gun at Jacq.
In fact, he comes there to take those nuclear
batteries.
He takes those batteries and after it, he
starts shooting the robots.
But before it, Jacq shoots at him with the
flaregun.
Due to it, that police officer dies.
The man with him gets scared and runs from
there.
Then Jacq sees that the robots are repairing
themselves.
While taking out some tools of the other robots.
Then at night, they move into a cave and the
robots were eating some insects.
Jacq asks them will you help me to go to the
city?
I promise to reach the city I will return
your batteries.
The female robot says Yes, why not.
In the morning, we will search for a car and
move towards the city.
The next day, we see the companion of the
police officer who ran from there.
He goes to the company and gives them all
the batteries.
Tells them that what had happened.
Meanwhile, Jacq's friend also comes there
and they start talking about the previous
robot.
That we have installed those functions in
the other robots while seeing its system.
That they will not harm humans and will not
make other robot.
It was helpful.
They were also surprised that till today.
Humans weren't able to remove those rules
from the robot system.
Then they talk about those robots who don't
have these rules.
They were worried about them.
That maybe they can harm them.
They plan to search for those robots.
They order Jacq's friend to bring those robots
here.
On another side, we see that Jacq's daughter
comes to this world.
Jacq's wife was worried about his husband
because he wasn't there.
She comes to know that the police are searching
for Jacq and these robots.
On another side, we see Jacq when he wakes
up the other robots were not there.
The only blue robot was there.
It tells Jacq that other robots are going
to search the way.
It asks Jacq that I felt like we are only
born but when I saw that you kill that police
officer.
After it, I want to ask you that will we also
be dead?
Jacq says that how would you know, here Jacq
misses his wife.
He knows that his baby also arrives.
Now they move forward meanwhile, Jacq sees
someone.
It was looking like a human.
But as Jacq takes off cloth from it, it was
a robot.
Its name was a Blue robot.
It was the real blue robot.
The female robot only has blue hair that's
why they were considering it the blue robot.
Jacq gets shocked after seeing this blue robot.
He goes inside the factory, he sees many parts
of the robot there.
As he comes out he sees that the other robots
were making a blue robot.
On another side, Jacq's friends were searching
for him.
So Jacq thinks I should leave from here.
He goes near a car but he sees that it has
no function.
It has no engine so he gets depressed.
Seeing here and there he tells the other robots
that there was a stream.
There was water and greenery.
But see what happened to it.
The blue robot comes to him and says that
don't get depressed.
It was the future of the world.
In the future, humans will live with machines.
You have to accept us.
You have to agree that Robots are not less
than others.
We can make ourselves.
That's why our quantity is more and see this
place is destroyed.
We don't need water or greenery.
We can live here.
We will not irritate you, you can go.
Just return our nuclear batteries.
Jacq returns their nuclear batteries.
Then we see that Jacq's friend arrives at
the place where was the dead body of that
police officer.
Meanwhile, some people come there they were
holding Jacq's wife.
Jacq's friend says that leave this girl but
they say.
Why are you caring about her?
Her family is also killed.
Jacq and her daughter are no more.
They were lying and Jacq's friend becomes
aggressive after hearing it.
He was about to shoot that man.
But that man escapes and shoots Jacq's friend
and kills him.
This was an emotional scene.
The next morning, we see that Jacq wakes up.
The robots with Jacq have made a new robot.
There was that nuclear battery in it.
And that was an advanced robot.
With it, they prepare a new car for Jacq.
Seeing it, Jacq becomes happy.
Before going from there, Jacq says to that
blue robot that I didn't understand you.
Forgive me for this.
After it, he moves forward with the car.
Moving forward he sees that his friend was
fell there.
He was shot by those evil people.
He goes near him but he was injured badly.
But still alive.
He tells his friend Jacq that they have taken
his wife to save her.
On the other hand, the people were bringing
Jacq's wife outside..
They were taking her somewhere.
But the Blue robot comes and stops them.
They tell Blue robot to just get out of their
way.
That blue robot says that no I will not obey
you.
Seeing it, those people get aggressive and
they start shooting it.
They also take out its system.
Meanwhile, the female robot and Jacq also
arrive there.
He shoots at them.
Only one man left there who was the leader
of those bad people.
He was about to kill Jacq but that robot comes
and pushes that man.
Due to it, Jacq was saved and he instantly
goes to his wife.
He lifts his daughter in his lap.
He was very happy because here he saw his
daughter for the first time.
Meanwhile, that female robot also comes there
and it seems that baby.
After it, it says thanks to Jacq and leaves
from there.
In the last scene, we see that Jacq is happy
with his family.
Here he again sees his past flashbacks.
Then we come to know that's why he has many
memories of the sea?
Because he spent his childhood here.
He wants to live here.
He prays that soon the world recover.
With it, this movie ends.
Subscribe for watch more video, Turn on Notification,
Don’t Forget to Like Comment & Share. Thank
You for Watching and your time.